Sit down; you're too old to be standing. Thank you, Mr. Day-Lewis. From you it exacerbates this honor to it and it blows it right out of the ballpark. Thank you so much to the Academy. As random and as subjective as this award is, it means a great deal in a year of extraordinary – yet again – extraordinary performances by women. Amy Adams, everything you do, but your performance in "American Hustle" blew my mind. And Meryl, what can I say? Sandra, I could watch that performance to the end of time, and I sort of felt like I had. Julia, #suckit. You know what I mean? And Judi Dench, I mean what a career. She's not here tonight because at the age of 79 her film was so successful that she's in India doing a sequel. I mean what a career that is, if I could hope.

And me, I'm here accepting an award in an extraordinary screenplay by Woody Allen. Thank you so much, Woody, for casting me. I truly appreciate it. I'm so very proud that "Blue Jasmine" stayed in the cinemas for as long as it did. And thank you to Sony Classics, to Michael and Tom, for their extraordinary support, for so bravely and intelligently distributing the film. And to the audiences who went to see it, and perhaps those of us in the industry who are still foolishly clinging to the idea that female films with women at the center are niche experiences. They are not. Audiences want to see them and, in fact, they earn money. So... The world is round, people!

Thank you to my mum, to my sister, to my brother, to my three glorious sons; I would not be standing here without you. To my husband Andrew, you are a legend. Thank you to my agent Hylda Queally; you're behind the pillar somewhere up there. You are a goddess. To my agent in Australia, Robyn Gardiner, I love you so very much. To my publicist Lisa Kasteler. To the sublime Sally Hawkins and to the extraordinary cast of "Blue Jasmine," I don't know how to do this without other actors and this I share with you. To the hair and makeup people who sweated me up and tried to make me look attractive, thank you for the attempt. To Carla Meyer, for getting Sally and I together and for incredible support. To Helen Robin. To everyone involved in "Blue Jasmine," I thank you so much.

And finally, I would like to thank every single member of the Sydney Theatre Company, one of the great theater companies in the world. For me working on "Blue Jasmine," it was a real synthesis of my work in the theater and on film. And not only working with you for the last six years has been the most enormous privilege of my career, but it's made me a better actress. There is so much talent in Australia, and Michael Wilkinson and CM and I are just tonight's tip of the iceberg. Thank you so much. Thank you.
