I don't know what I did in this life to deserve all this. I'm just a girl from a trailer park who had a dream. I never thought this would ever happen, let alone be nominated. And a working actor, for that matter. And now, this. I thank the Academy. I am eternally grateful for this great honor. I would also like to acknowledge my fellow nominees. Annette, Imelda, Kate and Catalina, your work inspires me beyond words.

I am going to start by thanking my husband because I'd like to think I learn from past mistakes. Chad, you're my everything. Thank you for your support. It means the world. I would never be standing here if it weren't for each and every one of the brilliant people I had surrounding me, supporting me and believing in me. Tom Rosenberg, Gary Lucchesi, thank you for sending me this most marvelous script. You will never know how grateful I am. Paul Haggis, for writing this beautiful script. Our other producers extraordinaire: Al Ruddy, Clint, Rob Lorenz. Phyllis Huffman, our casting director. My trainers, Grant Roberts and Héctor Roca, you pushed me further than I ever thought I could push myself, up to that last pound, actually to that last ounce. I thank you. My sparring partners who were so patient. And everyone at Gleason's. Well, the ever-amazing Morgan Freeman. Tom Stern, our cinematographer, you are brilliant. Joel Cox, our editor, you're amazing. You know? I'm going to thank my mom for believing in me from the beginning; my dad for his support. My agents: Josh Lieberman, Tony Lipp, Kelly Tiffan, John Campisi. Jason Weinberg, my manager. [Music begins to play.]  Uh uh, you can't do that, because I haven't gotten to Clint yet. I saved him for the end. Karl Austen, Jeff Bernstein, my lawyers.

And then... Clint. Clint Eastwood, thank you for allowing me to go on this journey with you. Thank you for believing in me. You're my "Mo Cuishle." Thank you.

Alan Horn and Warner Bros., as well, thank you. [Music starts up again.] And you know what? Wait! Troy Nankin!  Troy Nankin, my best friend and publicist! Thank you!

